Update DE-certified-online-TSE.md (#108)
fiskaltrust/faq: qna/DE-certified-online-TSE.md

## Question

> Is there any certified Cloud TSE available for germany?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is there any certified Cloud TSE available for Germany?
```

## Question

> I want to roll out with a Cloud TSE and  i do not want to wait any longer. What options do i have?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I want to roll out with a Cloud TSE and  I do not want to wait any longer. What options do I have?
```

## Question

> I have ordered a Cloud TSE from my dealer. Can I use an uncertified Cloud TSE in my region until a certified version is available?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a PosOperator I ordered a Cloud TSE from my PosDealer. Can I use an uncertified signature creation unit (SCU) in my region until a certified version is available?
```

## Metadata tags
lang-en, market-de, middleware, PosCreator, PosDealer, Consultant

## Answer

> Currently (23.09.2020), there is **no certified** Cloud TSE available for the german market. fiskaltrust will  support certified Cloud TSE's for production use as soon as they are available on the market. In the meanwhile, we offer uncertified Cloud TSEs for integration and testing in the sandbox environment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Currently (23.09.2020), there is **no certified** Cloud TSE available for the german market. fiskaltrust will support certified Cloud TSE's for use in productive environment as soon as they are available on the market. In the meanwhile, we offer uncertified Cloud TSEs for integration and testing in the sandbox environment.
```

> Currently (23.09.2020), there is **no certified** Cloud TSE available for the german market. fiskaltrust will  support certified Cloud TSE's for production use as soon as they are available on the market. In the meanwhile, we offer uncertified Cloud TSEs for integration and testing in the sandbox environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently (23.09.2020), there is **no certified** Cloud TSE available for the german market. fiskaltrust will offer certified Cloud TSE's in the production environment as soon as they are available on the market. In the meanwhile, we provide uncertified Cloud TSEs for integration and testing in the sandbox environment.
```

> Currently (23.09.2020), there is **no certified** Cloud TSE available for the german market. fiskaltrust will offer certified Cloud TSE's in the production environment as soon as they are available on the market. In the meanwhile, we provide uncertified Cloud TSEs for integration and testing in the sandbox environment.

Reviewer 2: Please change "we provide uncertified Cloud TSEs" to "we provide uncertified Cloud SignatureCreationUnits" (I know where the SCU ist located).

> Currently (23.09.2020), there is **no certified** Cloud TSE available for the german market. fiskaltrust will offer certified Cloud TSE's in the production environment as soon as they are available on the market. In the meanwhile, we provide uncertified Cloud SignatureCreationUnits for integration and testing in the sandbox environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently (29.09.2020), there is **no certified** Cloud TSE available for the german market. This applies not only to fiskaltrust. fiskaltrust will offer certified Cloud TSE's in the production environment as soon as they are available on the market. In the meanwhile, we provide uncertified Cloud SignatureCreationUnits (SCU) for integration and testing in the sandbox environment.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Products currently certified by the BSI: **no Cloud TSE!**](https://www.bsi.bund.de/DE/Themen/ZertifizierungundAnerkennung/Produktzertifizierung/ZertifizierungnachTR/ZertifizierteProdukte/Technische_Sicherheitseinrichtungen/TSE_node.html)
```

PosDealers can already order fiskaly Cloud TSEs from fiskaltrust by [signing a frame contract.](https://github.com/fiskaltrust/productdescription-de-doc/blob/8a9c3fa62c9dd0c38662c7127a724162703242e3/for-posdealers/02-pre-sales/01-purchase-agreement.md)

> If a PosOperator wants to be compliant in production, we recommend to use certified Hardware TSE's.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If a PosOperator wants to be compliant from now on in a production environment, we recommend to use certified Hardware TSE's.
```

> In general, if PosOperators are using an uncertified TSE in production or no TSE at all, it will both result in generating pos receipts which are not compliant. In some regions of germany it may be possible to [extend the "Nichtbeanstandungsregelung" under some specific circumstances](https://github.com/fiskaltrust/faq/blob/master/qna/DE-Nichtbeanstandungsregelung.md#regionale-erg%C3%A4nzungen-zur-nichtbeanstandungsregelung). We recommend to refer to a tax advisor to ensure to fulfil all requirements to stay compliant.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In general, if PosOperators are using an uncertified TSE in production environment or no TSE at all, it will both result in generating POS-receipts which are not compliant to german law. In some regions of germany it may be possible to [extend the "Nichtbeanstandungsregelung" under some specific circumstances](https://github.com/fiskaltrust/faq/blob/master/qna/DE-Nichtbeanstandungsregelung.md#regionale-erg%C3%A4nzungen-zur-nichtbeanstandungsregelung). We recommend to refer to a tax advisor to ensure to fulfil all requirements to be fully compliant.
```

> In general, if PosOperators are using an uncertified TSE in production or no TSE at all, it will both result in generating pos receipts which are not compliant. In some regions of germany it may be possible to [extend the "Nichtbeanstandungsregelung" under some specific circumstances](https://github.com/fiskaltrust/faq/blob/master/qna/DE-Nichtbeanstandungsregelung.md#regionale-erg%C3%A4nzungen-zur-nichtbeanstandungsregelung). We recommend to refer to a tax advisor to ensure to fulfil all requirements to stay compliant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, if PosOperators are using an uncertified TSE in production environment or no TSE at all, it will both result in generating POS-receipts which are not compliant to German law. In most regions of Germany it may be possible to [extend the "Nichtbeanstandungsregelung" under some specific circumstances](https://github.com/fiskaltrust/faq/blob/master/qna/DE-Nichtbeanstandungsregelung.md#regionale-erg%C3%A4nzungen-zur-nichtbeanstandungsregelung). We recommend to refer to a tax advisor to ensure to fulfil all requirements to be fully compliant with the German law.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Please add: "Please be also aware of the regulation that it is not allowed to offer or place a uncertified TSE on the market".

> If all conditions for regional extensions of the "Nichtbeanstandungsregelung" are met, it is possible to already use the fiskaltrust.Middleware to prepare a Cloud-TSE rollout. In this case, it may be possible to start without Cloud TSE, SCU and initial receipt, but already profiting from the Security Mechanism of fiskaltrust and collecting data for DSFinV-K export.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If all conditions for regional extensions of the "Nichtbeanstandungsregelung" are met, it is possible to already use the fiskaltrust.Middleware to prepare a Cloud-TSE rollout. In this case, it may be possible to start without Cloud TSE, SCU and initial receipt, but already profiting from the  of fiskaltrust.SecurityMechanism and collecting data for DSFinV-K export.
```

> If all conditions for regional extensions of the "Nichtbeanstandungsregelung" are met, it is possible to already use the fiskaltrust.Middleware to prepare a Cloud-TSE rollout. In this case, it may be possible to start without Cloud TSE, SCU and initial receipt, but already profiting from the Security Mechanism of fiskaltrust and collecting data for DSFinV-K export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all conditions for regional extensions of the "Nichtbeanstandungsregelung" are met, it is possible to already use the fiskaltrust.Middleware to prepare a Cloud-TSE rollout. In this case, it is technically possible to start without Cloud TSE, SCU and initial operation receipt, but already profiting from the fiskaltrust.SecurityMechanism and collecting data for the DSFinV-K export by only using the Queue within a Cashbox.
```

> If all conditions for regional extensions of the "Nichtbeanstandungsregelung" are met, it is possible to already use the fiskaltrust.Middleware to prepare a Cloud-TSE rollout. In this case, it may be possible to start without Cloud TSE, SCU and initial receipt, but already profiting from the Security Mechanism of fiskaltrust and collecting data for DSFinV-K export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all conditions for regional extensions of the "Nichtbeanstandungsregelung" are met, it is possible to already use the fiskaltrust.Middleware to prepare a Cloud-TSE rollout. In this case, it is technically possible to start without Cloud TSE, SCU and initial operation receipt, but already profiting from the fiskaltrust.SecurityMechanism and collecting data for the DSFinV-K export by only using the Queue within a Cashbox.
```

> If all conditions for regional extensions of the "Nichtbeanstandungsregelung" are met, it is possible to already use the fiskaltrust.Middleware to prepare a Cloud-TSE rollout. In this case, it is technically possible to start without Cloud TSE, SCU and initial operation receipt, but already profiting from the fiskaltrust.SecurityMechanism and collecting data for the DSFinV-K export by only using the Queue within a Cashbox.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If all conditions for regional extensions of the "Nichtbeanstandungsregelung" are met, it is possible to already use the fiskaltrust.Middleware to prepare a Cloud TSE rollout. In this case, it is technically possible to start without Cloud TSE, SCU and initial operation receipt, but already profiting from the fiskaltrust.SecurityMechanism and collecting data for the DSFinV-K export by only using the Queue within a CashBox.
```
